README.md, before:


This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

refactor: update README to enhance project overview and features

README.md, after:


# Internship Challenge - Single Page Website

**Project Overview:**
This project was developed as part of an internship challenge, requiring the conversion of a Figma design into a fully responsive, real-world web page. While it is not pixel-perfect, the final result demonstrates my ability to translate Figma mockups into functional websites. I also learned new techniques while working on this project.

**Key Features:**

- Fully responsive design, adapting to various screen sizes.
- Clean and structured code implementation.
- Accurate representation of the provided Figma design.
- Optimized layout with improved styling for a better user experience.
- Fast loading and smooth performance.

**Technologies Used:**

- React
- TailwindCSS
- GSAP
- CSS

**Challenges Faced:**

- Ensuring design accuracy while maintaining responsiveness.
- Managing layout adjustments and CSS styling to match the Figma specifications.
- Handling minor inconsistencies due to time constraints.
- Adding lightning effects
- animated features Cards
**Outcome:**
This project showcases my ability to convert Figma designs into fully functional websites. While it is not 100% complete, it effectively demonstrates my front-end development skills and attention to detail. Given more time, I could refine it further, but it already stands as a  portfolio piece, proving my capability to handle real-world design-to-code conversions.

### Figma Design Preview
![orignal](./public/orignal.gif)

### Coded by me
![developement](./public/developer.gif)

It takes me about 5 days to make this project , you can check live demo below

### Live Demo: [challange1-eta.vercel.app](https://challange1-eta.vercel.app/)
